c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\COMLAB.exe.config
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\COMLAB.exe
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\COMLAB.pdb
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\COMLAB.xml
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.Form1.resources
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.Resources.resources
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.exe
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.xml
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.pdb
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.DLL
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.Add.resources
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.Login.resources
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.UpdateForm.resources
c:\users\santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.AddAdmin.resources
C:\Users\Santie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.StudentForm.resources
C:\Users\Santie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.AdminLogs.resources
C:\Users\Santie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\COMLAB\COMLAB\obj\Debug\COMLAB.AdminAccount.resources
